

Multiple select
Lasso selection tool

Attack effect
Sustain
Release

Delay
Reverb

LFO ?
HFO ?

Volca Keys FOs

remove selection when dragging window

Z Axes with Chords of Note ( Also snapping or is there a possible gradient between chords ?)



Options for the sample

the osc
animations
length
stocato? Or is this a effect

Think about a node system, so its no problem to group groups


BeatMachine:
Controllable BPM
Timeline

Channels:
Each Note/Chord can be attached to a Channel
Inside the channel you can make samples from chords





// GRAPHICS

Make shader or whatever, that drops paint from the spheres or waves away from them.
Anything cool. Maybe like radioactive rays 
Also deform the spheres with their beats


// Make it possible to draw curves, polygons or points to run through. Basicly a animation of a melody



You put a empty object in the world/room. The object represents a sound source in any form. A Oscillators, Clip, Midi sequence etc are supported. Each source has different properties to control it. You can put different effects on it too. All of the controllable knobs/variables of the source are mappable on an axis. That way you can control 3 dimensions as variable positon at a time. (Is there a way to have more than 3 dimensions? N Dimensions? By lowering the angle between the dimension, instead of 90deg only 45deg. How to make a own coordinate system? x,y,z,t,v,u...., Hyperbolic coordinate system? OR use a cube and have two mappings on one axis, one going from left, to right and one from right to left, or parallel)
You can create multiple rooms to switch between, put as many sources in the room as you want to. You can group sources too.
The axes behaviors are predefined mappings, basicly you add a axis behavior and all the dependencies (effect chain) is added to the selected sources and the mapping is set automatically.
You have X, Y, Z as an UI element showing you the current axes in this room. You can have different mappings on each object, so the room does not define the axes. (Maybe show a list of mappins below each axis)

To activly use the axis controlling, you have to drag a source in the room. This way the axis mapping is triggered, setting the connected value to its axis position.
Its also possible to draw shapes in the room, for example curves, connected lines, polygons and full meshes.
This way you can define a start and end point of a animation to run through. 
Its possible to have a start/end animation or a jumping from points to point, maybe randomly manipulate the positon of dots, like vibriting or so.
Also able to make a sequence with points set in the world

